Make index.neural_search.hybrid_collapse_docs_per_group_per_subquery setting deprecated (#12103)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _vector-search/ai-search/hybrid-search/collapse.md

When using `collapse` in a hybrid query, note the following considerations:

> - The  [`index.neural_search.hybrid_collapse_docs_per_group_per_subquery`]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/vector-search/settings/#hybrid-collapse-docs-per-group) setting is deprecated and has no effect. In case, if this setting currently exists in the index, you can safely remove it. The search results are entirely controlled by the `size` parameter in the search request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The  [`index.neural_search.hybrid_collapse_docs_per_group_per_subquery`]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/vector-search/settings/#hybrid-collapse-docs-per-group) setting is deprecated and has no effect. If this setting exists in your index configuration, you can safely remove it. The search results are entirely controlled by the `size` parameter in the search request.
```

> - The  [`index.neural_search.hybrid_collapse_docs_per_group_per_subquery`]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/vector-search/settings/#hybrid-collapse-docs-per-group) setting was introduced in OpenSearch 3.2 but is no longer needed and is being deprecated. Previously, the collector selected the top groups and then collected all documents within each group. Now it collects the top documents directly along with their associated groups, avoiding the collection of non-competitive documents. The setting is still accepted for backward compatibility but has no effect.

Reviewer 2: For users already familiar with this setting, they can refer to the settings.md page.

The current wording is unnecessarily verbose and implies there are important considerations when there are none. It previously existed to highlight potential performance impacts with large result sets, but that no longer applies. There’s no need to caution users about using collapse or to call out `index.neural_search.hybrid_collapse_docs_per_group_per_subquery`, as it no longer carries meaningful implications for them.
